Gsplat fixedframe transform (#12926)
CesiumGS/cesium: CHANGES.md

- Improved performance and reduced memory usage of `Event` class. [#12896](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/12896)
- Fixes vertical misalignment of glyphs in labels with small fonts [#8474](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/issues/8474)
- Prevent runtime errors for certain forms of invalid PNTS files [#12872](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/issues/12872)

> - Fixes precision issues with Gaussian splat tilesets where tiles have a world transform and the tileset does not [#12925](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/issues/12925)

Reviewer: @keyboardspecialist could you move this to the November section and perhaps reword a bit

```suggestion
- Fixed precision issues with Gaussian splat tilesets where the root tile does not have a world transform. [#12925](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/issues/12925)
```
